Added release notes (#863)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue in the **openapi_codegen** command where it created duplicate functions name from the swagger file.

> * Fixed an issue in **update-release-notes** command where *-u* flag was not verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in the **update-release-notes** command where the *update type* argument was not verified.
```
